README.md, before:

# Xtensa Disassembler

# State of the Disassembler (and lifter)

This is a major work in progress. The internals of the disassembler are complete, the addition of all of the instructions is now the limiting factor. A few instructions have been implemented both disassembly and lifting and the idea is to build every instruction with lifting from the start. In order to place some ordering to the instruction implementation, After the inital set of instructions implemented, I will be moving in order of section 4.3 for additional instructions

- [ ] 4.2 - Core Architecture
- [ ] 4.3.1 - Code Density Option
- [ ] 4.3.2 - Loop Option
- [ ] 4.3.3 - Extended L32R Option
- [ ] 4.3.4 - 16-bit Integer Multiply Option
- [ ] 4.3.5 - 32-bit Integer Multiply Option
- [ ] 4.3.6 - 32-bit Integer Divide Option
- [ ] 4.3.7 - MAC16 Option
- [ ] 4.3.8 - Miscellaneous Operations Option
- [ ] 4.3.9 - Coprocessor Option
- [ ] 4.3.10 - Boolean Option
- [ ] 4.3.11 - Floating-Point Coprocessor Option
- [ ] 4.3.12 - Multiprocessor Synchronization Option
- [ ] 4.3.13 - Conditional Store Option

## Resources

- https://0x04.net/~mwk/doc/xtensa.pdf
- https://github.com/whitequark/binja-i8086
- https://github.com/allanlw/binja-xtensa

Commit message:

Added more core instructions DSYNC,ESYNC,EXTUI,EXTW,ISYNC,J,JX,L8UI,L16SI,L16UI,L32I,L32R,MEMW,RSYNC

README.md, after:

# Xtensa Disassembler

## State of the Disassembler (and lifter)

This is a major work in progress. The internals of the disassembler are complete, the addition of all of the instructions is now the limiting factor. A few instructions have been implemented both disassembly and lifting and the idea is to build every instruction with lifting from the start. In order to place some ordering to the instruction implementation, After the inital set of instructions implemented, I will be moving in order of section 4.3 for additional instructions

- [ ] 4.2 - Core Architecture
- [ ] 4.3.1 - Code Density Option
- [ ] 4.3.2 - Loop Option
- [ ] 4.3.3 - Extended L32R Option
- [ ] 4.3.4 - 16-bit Integer Multiply Option
- [ ] 4.3.5 - 32-bit Integer Multiply Option
- [ ] 4.3.6 - 32-bit Integer Divide Option
- [ ] 4.3.7 - MAC16 Option
- [ ] 4.3.8 - Miscellaneous Operations Option
- [ ] 4.3.9 - Coprocessor Option
- [ ] 4.3.10 - Boolean Option
- [ ] 4.3.11 - Floating-Point Coprocessor Option
- [ ] 4.3.12 - Multiprocessor Synchronization Option
- [ ] 4.3.13 - Conditional Store Option

## Open Questions

- Should constants be solved out of the instruction then placed into `il.const` whenever possible, or should I do everything I can in IL so it can be optimized and pass information through analysis? This would affect most of my branching calculations and would require that I go through most if not all IL instructions to re-optimize my IL that is emitted

## Resources

- https://0x04.net/~mwk/doc/xtensa.pdf
- https://github.com/whitequark/binja-i8086
- https://github.com/allanlw/binja-xtensa
